FreeCodeCamp Marketing Analysis

This project is part of Adithyan Subramanian’s portfolio, which can be found at https://github.com/adithyansubramanian

— Project Status: Completed 


Project Intro and objective

The purpose of this project was to suggest which countries FreeCodeCamp should invest marketing resources into based on population and how much the average student in each country was willing to pay for the product.

Methods and Technologies used

	•	Data Visualization
	•	Python
	•	Jupyter notebook
	•	Pandas
	•	numpy
	•	seaborn
	•	matplotlib

Project description

This project’s purpose was to suggest which countries FreeCodeCamp  should invest marketing resources based on population and how much the average student in each country was willing to pay for the product. I hypothesize that the United States would be a country to invest in. The data used was from FreeCodeCamp’s 2017 New Coder Survey.  The data can be found here:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/freeCodeCamp/2017-new-coder-survey/master/clean-data/2017-fCC-New-Coders-Survey-Data.csv. 


Getting started

Raw data: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/freeCodeCamp/2017-new-coder-survey/master/clean-data/2017-fCC-New-Coders-Survey-Data.csv 
Raw data is also in this folder as: 2017-new-coder-survey-master

Project notebook: FreeCodeCamp Marketing Analysis.ipynb Within this folder.

Contact
Adithyan Subramanian
Github: https://github.com/adithyansubramanian
Email: adithyan.subramanian19@gmail.com

Any comments and constructive feedback is highly appreciated. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or opportunities for collaboration. 
 
